Let's talk about how to structure and organize HTML code.
As you've already experienced yourself,
each new HTML tag gets rendered one after the other.
So, for example, if I use a paragraph tag,
and then another paragraph tag,
they get rendered from top to bottom.
I'm going to add a couple more links and some paragraphs to this document.
So, you can see, the links get rendered one after another,
and the paragraphs get rendered one after another in the order I've written the code.
There's a tag called div, short for division,
that is specifically used for grouping large chunks of related content.
This tag lets you pick out specific parts of your document
for adding CSS styles or interactions using JavaScript.
I'm going to add div tags to create a separate link section,
and another section around the entire bottom paragraphs.
Let me expand this so you can see it better.
All the div tags are doing are separating the content into separate groups.
There's another tag called span that some people confuse with a div tag.
A span element separates off
a small piece of content such as in the middle of a paragraph.
For example, if you wanted to change the color of
one word instead of an entire paragraph,
you could use a span tag.
I'm going to add one here so you can see what it looks like.
Notice that the div and the span tag aren't actually changing anything,
they're just ways to separate out HTML code.
When you start styling your web page,
the div and span tags will make more sense.